Add support for `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION` setting (#20207)
directus/directus: docs/self-hosted/config-options.md

| `EXTENSIONS_CACHE_TTL`<sup>[3]</sup>   | How long custom app Extensions get cached by browsers.  | --             |
| `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION`<sup>[4]</sup>    | What configured storage location to use for extensions. | --             |

<sup>[1]</sup> If `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION` is configured, this is the path to the extensions folder within the selected
storage location.

<sup>[2]</sup> `EXTENSIONS_AUTO_RELOAD` will not work when the `EXTENSION_LOCATION` environment variable is set.

<sup>[3]</sup> The `EXTENSIONS_CACHE_TTL` environment variable controls for how long custom app extensions (e.t.,
interface, display, layout, module, panel) are cached by browsers. Caching can speed-up the loading of the app as the
code for the extensions doesn't need to be re-fetched from the server on each app reload. On the other hand, this means
that code changes to app extensions won't be taken into account by the browser until `EXTENSIONS_CACHE_TTL` has expired.
By default, extensions are not cached. The input data type for this environment variable is the same as
[`CACHE_TTL`](#cache).

> <sup>[4]</sup> Extensions defaults to the local filesystem. When `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION` is configured, the extensions are
> copied into a local directory within `TEMP_PATH`.

Reviewer: I'd slightly reword that to something like
```suggestion
<sup>[4]</sup> By default extensions are loaded from the local filesystem. `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION` can be used to load extensions from a remote location instead.
```

Reviewer 2: Sure, feel free to refactor accordingly. 🙂 
 
The reasoning behind this footnote was to highlight the copying to the `TEMP_PATH` when `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION` is configured.

I think it partially helps to address point 1 of @br41nslug's review which mentioned that there's a difference between leaving it as default vs specifying `EXTENSIONS_LOCATION="local"`, where the latter would copy the files into an internal extensions folder.
